Add warning about regression in 1.6.6 (#7820)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.6.x/announcing-1.6.6/index.md

    - /news/announcing-1.6.6
---

{{< warning >}}

> This release contains a regression from 1.6.5 that prevents endpoints not associated with pods from working. Please upgrade to 1.6.7 instead.

Author: ```suggestion
This release contains a regression from 1.6.5 that prevents endpoints not associated with pods from working. Please upgrade to 1.6.7 when it is available.
```

> This release contains a regression from 1.6.5 that prevents endpoints that are not associated with pods from working. Please upgrade to 1.6.7 instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release contains a regression from 1.6.5 that prevents endpoints not associated with pods from working. Please upgrade to 1.6.7 instead.
```

Reviewer: Also, since 1.6.7 isn't yet available, to we want to qualify the last sentence? Maybe `Please upgrade to 1.6.7 when available`. Not sure if that should be changed post 1.6.7 or not.
